hellofresh/data-challenge.md, before:

#HelloFresh Challenge - Data

##General Dataset Description
- HelloFresh will provide you with a list of ingredient names and the language they're written in. 

- Publicly available datasets are your friend! (NLTK, WordNet, WikiPedia)

##Challenge Description
- The goal for this challenge is to extract more information from ingredients of recipes. 
- We have thousands of ingredients that are easily categorizable using a human eye, but not so easily categorizable using machines. For example, we as humans know that "Sirloin Steak" is "beef", but a machine does not. 

- From a list of 10,000 categories, the algorithm you build should be able to successfully extract all "beef" ingredients. 

- You might want to integrate WikiPedia or (introduce other source of info here) to be able to match the HelloFresh ingredient names to a particular category.

- You may try and categorize ingredients in  broader categories first, and then proceed to sub-categorize. For example:
 Level 1) Protein, Dairy, Vegetable, Fruit, Carb 
 Level 2) sub-category (beef, pork, chicken; milk, cheese, yoghurt; tomatoes, carrots, beans; orange, apple, pear; potatoes, rice, pasta)
 Level 3) detailed name (sirloin steak; gouda cheese; heirloom tomato; mandarin orange; linguine)

- An additional approach could be to categorize each ingredient by cuisine or cuisines where they can traditionally be found.

- There should be no more than 100 sub-categories.

Commit message:

added more suggestions and examples, cleaned the text a bit

hellofresh/data-challenge.md, after:

#HelloFresh Challenge - Data

##General Dataset Description
- HelloFresh will provide you with a list of ingredient names and the language they're written in.

- Each line in the dataset corresponds to an ingredient and the language in which its written.

##Challenge Description
- The goal for this challenge is to categorize and to enrich each ingredient with more information. Ingredients are easily categorizable using a human eye, but not so easily categorizable using machines. For example, we as humans know that "Sirloin Steak" is "beef", but a machine does not.

- From a list of around 4,500 ingredients, your algorithm should be able to successfully extract, for instance, all "beef" ingredients. You might want to integrate information from external data sources by matching the HelloFresh ingredient names to a particular category.

- Publicly available datasets are your friend! For instance: Wikipedia Infoboxes of ingredients (e.g. [Brocolli](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Broccoli)) or the [USDA National Nutrient Database](https://ndb.nal.usda.gov/ndb/foods?qlookup=&new=1).

- Wikipedia Infoboxes can be accessed by querying DBpedia SPARQL endpoint. For instance, retrieving a [list of all the ingredients in Wikipedia](http://dbpedia.org/snorql/?query=SELECT+DISTINCT+%3Fingredient_name%0D%0AWHERE+%7B+%3Ffood_recipe+%3Chttp%3A%2F%2Fdbpedia.org%2Fontology%2Fingredient%3E+%3Fingredient_name+%7D%0D%0AORDER+BY+%3Fingredient_name). For each ingredient we can then retrieve all its properties, for instance, [all the properties of Brocolli](http://dbpedia.org/snorql/?describe=http%3A//dbpedia.org/resource/Broccoli). The USDA National Nutrient Database is [free available for download](http://www.ars.usda.gov/Services/docs.htm?docid=24912)

- You may try and categorize ingredients in a taxonomy of categories with different levels, for instance:

 - Level 1: Main Category (e.g.: meat, dairy, vegetable, fruit, carbohydrate, etc.)

 - Level 2: Sub-Category (e.g.: beef, pork, chicken; milk, cheese, yoghurt; tomatoes, carrots, beans; orange, apple, pear; potatoes, rice, pasta, etc.)

 - Level 3: Unique Name (e.g.: sirloin steak; gouda cheese; heirloom tomato; mandarin orange; linguine) and nutritional values associated to each unique ingredient (e.g.: energy, carbohydrates, fat, protein, vitamins, minerals)

- Another possibility is to categorize by cuisines where the ingredients can traditionally be found (e.g.: mediterranean, vegan, vegetarian, arabic, asian, etc.).

- These are simple suggestions, feel free to come up with any other categorization schemas, datasets to use, information do associate to each ingredient or any other you ideas you might have! Have fun and happy hacking! =)
